[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-3 (#114266)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-hosts-vms-rhcos.adoc

[id="security-hosts-vms-rhcos_{context}"]

> = Securing containers on {op-system-first}
> 
> [role="_abstract"]
> Containers simplify the act of deploying many applications to run on the same host, using the same kernel and container runtime to spin up each container. The applications can be owned by many users and, because they are kept separate, can run different, and even incompatible, versions of those applications at the same time without issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You should understand the default security features that make containers in {product-title} more secure.

Containers simplify the act of deploying many applications to run on the same host, using the same kernel and container runtime to spin up each container. The applications can be owned by many users and, because they are kept separate, can run different, and even incompatible, versions of those applications at the same time without issue.
```

Because {product-title} {product-version} runs on {op-system} hosts, with the option of using {op-system-base-full} as worker nodes, the following concepts apply by default to any deployed {product-title} cluster. These {op-system-base} security features are at the core of what makes running containers in {product-title} more secure:

* _Linux namespaces_ enable creating an abstraction of a particular global system resource to make it appear as a separate instance to processes within a namespace. Consequently, several containers can use the same computing resource simultaneously without creating a conflict. Container namespaces that are separate from the host by default include mount table, process table, network interface, user, control group, UTS, and IPC namespaces. Those containers that need direct access to host namespaces need to have elevated permissions to request that access.
ifdef::openshift-enterprise,openshift-webscale,openshift-aro[]

> See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html-single/building_running_and_managing_containers/index[Building, running, and managing containers] from the {op-system-base} 9 container documentation for details on the types of namespaces.

Reviewer: Should we keep this link in an additional resources section?

Author: Yes, kept.

Disabling SELinux on {op-system} is not supported.
====

* _CGroups_ (control groups) limit, account for, and isolate the resource usage (CPU, memory, disk I/O, network, etc.) of a collection of processes. CGroups are used to ensure that containers on the same host are not impacted by each other.
* _CGroups_ (control groups) limit, account for, and isolate the resource usage (CPU, memory, disk I/O, network, and so on.) of a collection of processes. CGroups are used to ensure that containers on the same host are not impacted by each other.

> * _Secure computing mode (seccomp)_ profiles can be associated with a container to restrict available system calls. See page 94 of the link:https://www.redhat.com/en/resources/openshift-security-guide-ebook[Red Hat OpenShift security guide] for details about seccomp.

Reviewer: Keep link as an additional resources?

Author: Kept.

* _Secure computing mode (seccomp)_ profiles can be associated with a container to restrict available system calls. See page 94 of the Red Hat OpenShift security guide for details about seccomp.

> * Deploying containers using _{op-system}_ reduces the attack surface by minimizing the host environment and tuning it for containers. The link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/3.11/html-single/cri-o_runtime/index[CRI-O container engine] further reduces that attack surface by implementing only those features required by Kubernetes and {product-title} to run and manage containers, as opposed to other container engines that implement desktop-oriented standalone features.

Reviewer: Keep link as an additional resources?

Author: Kept
